feat(ssl): add function to get socket ssl (#86)
Kong/lua-kong-nginx-module: README.md

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

resty.kong.tls.get\_ssl\_pointer
----------------------------------------------------
**syntax:** *ssl_ptr, err = resty.kong.tls.get\_ssl\_pointer(sock)*

**context:** *rewrite_by_lua&#42;, access_by_lua&#42;, content_by_lua&#42;, log_by_lua&#42;*, *preread_by_lua&#42;*

**subsystems:** *http* *stream*

Retrieves the OpenSSL `SSL*` object for the current tcpsock `sock`.

> On success, this function returns the point of type `SSL`. Otherwise `nil` and a string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On success, this function returns the pointer of type `SSL`. Otherwise `nil` and a string
```

Author: updated

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

resty.kong.tls.get\_ssl\_pointer
----------------------------------------------------
**syntax:** *ssl_ptr, err = resty.kong.tls.get\_ssl\_pointer(sock)*

**context:** *rewrite_by_lua&#42;, access_by_lua&#42;, content_by_lua&#42;, log_by_lua&#42;*, *preread_by_lua&#42;*

**subsystems:** *http* *stream*

> Get upstream ssl object pointer
> Get the upstream SSL object pointer based on the `sock`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retrieves the OpenSSL `SSL*` object for the current tcpsock `sock`.
```

Author: updated
